[TASK] Switch to confvals for TCEFORM (#469)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-TSconfig: Documentation/PageTsconfig/TceForm.rst

        Where `sDEF` is the sheet name. For a description
        see the section :ref:`tceformApplyPropertiesFlexForm` on this page.

..  _tceform-altLabels-example:

Example: Override labels for document types
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    TCEFORM.pages.doktype {
        # Set a different item label
        altLabels.1 = STANDARD Page Type
        altLabels.254 = Folder (for various elements)
        # Sets the default label for Recycler via "locallang":
        altLabels.255 = LLL:EXT:my_ext/Resources/Private/Language/locallang_tca.xlf:recycler
    }

..  figure:: /Images/ManualScreenshots/List/PagesDoktypeDifferentLabels.png
    :alt: The Page types with modified labels

    The Page types with modified labels

..  note::

    If the item has an **empty** value, the syntax is slightly different and an additional dot must be provided,
    like on this example:

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    TCEFORM.tt_content.space_before_class.altLabels.. = foo

Note the *double dot* after `altLabels`.

> ..  _page_tsconfig_id:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..  _tceform-page_tsconfig_id:
```

Above, the anchors are prefixed with tceform, so this should be consistent.

PAGE_TSCONFIG_ID
----------------

..  confval:: PAGE_TSCONFIG_ID
    :name: tceform-PAGE_TSCONFIG_ID
    :type: integer

    This option allows to provide a value for dynamic SQL-WHERE parameters. The
    value is defined for a specific field of a table. For usage with flexform
    fields, the entire path to a sub-field must be provided.

..  note::

    This value can be used for the TCA property :ref:`foreign_table_where <t3tca:columns-select-properties-foreign-table-where>`
    and for the `addWhere` part of the :ref:`suggest wizard <pagetceformsuggest>`.

> ..  _page_tsconfig_id-example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..  _tceform-page_tsconfig_id-example:
```

Example: Substitute a marker in a plugin FlexForm
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    TCEFORM.tt_content.pi_flexform.myext_pi1.sDEF.myField.PAGE_TSCONFIG_ID = 22

In this example, the value will substitute the marker in a plugin FlexForm.

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    TCEFORM.tx_myext_table.myfield.PAGE_TSCONFIG_ID = 22

This example might be used for a record in an extension. It refers to a
table called `tx_myext_table` and the field `myfield`. Here the marker will
be substituted by the value `22`.

> ..  _page_tsconfig_idlist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..  _tceform-page_tsconfig_idlist:
```

PAGE_TSCONFIG_IDLIST
--------------------

..  confval:: PAGE_TSCONFIG_IDLIST
    :name: tceform-PAGE_TSCONFIG_IDLIST
    :type: list of integers

    See above.

> ..  _page_tsconfig_idlist-example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..  _tceform-page_tsconfig_idlist-example:
```

Example: Substitute a list of IDs in a plugin FlexForm
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    TCEFORM.tt_content.pi_flexform.myext_pi1.sDEF.myField.PAGE_TSCONFIG_IDLIST = 20,21,22

In this example, the value will substitute the marker in a plugin FlexForm.

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    TCEFORM.tx_myext_table.myfield.PAGE_TSCONFIG_IDLIST = 20,21,22

This example might be used for a record in an extension. It refers to a
table called `tx_myext_table` and the field `myfield`. Here the marker will
be substituted by the list of integers.

> ..  _page_tsconfig_str:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..  _tceform-page_tsconfig_str:
```

PAGE_TSCONFIG_STR
-----------------

..  confval:: PAGE_TSCONFIG_STR
    :name: tceform-PAGE_TSCONFIG_STR
    :type: string

    See above.

> ..  _page_tsconfig_str-example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..  _tceform-page_tsconfig_str-example:
```

        config.treeConfig.appearance.expandAll = 1
        config.treeConfig.appearance.maxLevels = 2
        config.treeConfig.appearance.nonSelectableLevels = 1

    This property is available for various levels:

    table level, example:
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.myField.config.treeConfig.startingPoints`

    table and record type level, example:
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.header.types.config.treeConfig.startingPoints`

    Flex form field level, example:
        No current TYPO3 version allows to override the configuration of
        Flex form fields, even though this was previously documented here.
        This may change in future versions.

    ..  todo: Removed, because this is broken in every known TYPO3 version.
    ..  todo: Maybe re-enable this, if it gets fixed in a future release
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.pi_flexform.myext_pi1.sDEF.settings\.myfield.config.treeConfig.startingPoints`

        Where `sDEF` is the sheet name and :typoscript:`myext_pi1` the name
        of the plugin. For a description
        see the section :ref:`tceformApplyPropertiesFlexForm` on this page.

..  index::
    Records; field description

> ..  _tceform-:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..  _tceform-description:
```

        # Different "INVALID VALUE ..." label:
        noMatchingValue_label = VALUE "%s" was not available!
    }

..  figure:: /Images/ManualScreenshots/List/SelectInvalidValueDifferentLabel.png
    :alt:  An invalid selector box value is indicated by a warning message

    An invalid selector box value is indicated by a warning message

..  index::
    Records; select items remove
..  _tceform-removeItems:

removeItems
-----------

..  confval:: removeItems
    :name: tceform-removeItems
    :type: list of values

    Change the list of items in :ref:`TCA type=select <t3tca:columns-select>` fields. Using this property,
    single items can be removed, leaving all others.

    This property is available for various levels:

    table level, example:
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.header_layout.removeItems`

    table and record type level, example:
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.header_layout.types.textpic.removeItems`

    Flex form field level, example:
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.pi_flexform.myext_pi1.sDEF.settings\.myfield.removeItems`

        Where `sDEF` is the sheet name. For a description
        see the section :ref:`tceformApplyPropertiesFlexForm` on this page.

> Example: Remove "Recycler" and "Spacer" page types

Reviewer: anchor missing

    A configured suggest wizard

The properties listed below are available on various levels. A more specific setting overrides
a less specific one:

Configuration of all suggest wizards in all tables for all target query tables:
    `TCEFORM.suggest.default`

Configuration of all suggest wizards in all tables looking up records from a specific target table:
    `TCEFORM.suggest.[queryTable]`

Configuration of one suggest wizard field in one table for all target query tables:
    `TCEFORM.[tableName].[fieldName].suggest.default`

Configuration of one suggest wizard field in one table for a specific target query table:
    `TCEFORM.[tableName].[fieldName].suggest.[queryTable]`

Configuration of one suggest wizard field in a flex form field of one table for all target query tables:
    `TCEFORM.[tableName].[fieldName].[dataStructureKey].[sheetName].[flexFieldName].suggest.default`

Configuration of one suggest wizard field in a flex form field of one table for a specific target query table:
    `TCEFORM.[tableName].[fieldName].[dataStructureKey].[sheetName].[flexFieldName].suggest.[queryTable]`

..  index::
    Suggest wizard; Search fields additional

> ..  _tceform-additionalSearchFields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..  _tceform-suggest-additionalSearchFields:
```

    fields listed in the :ref:`label <t3tca:ctrl-reference-label>` and :ref:`label_alt <t3tca:ctrl-reference-label-alt>`
    of TCA :ref:`ctrl properties <t3tca:ctrl-reference>`.

..  index::
    Suggest wizard;  Where statement
..  _tceform-suggest-addWhere:

suggest.addWhere
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  confval:: suggest.addWhere
    :name: tceform-suggest-addWhere
    :type: string

    Additional WHERE clause (with AND at the beginning).

    Markers possible for replacement:

    *   ###THIS_UID###
    *   ###CURRENT_PID###
    *   :ref:`###PAGE_TSCONFIG_ID### <page_tsconfig_id>`
    *   :ref:`###PAGE_TSCONFIG_IDLIST### <page_tsconfig_idlist>`
    *   :ref:`###PAGE_TSCONFIG_STR### <page_tsconfig_str>`

..  _tceform-suggest-addWhere-example:

Example: limit storage_pid to the children of a certain page
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    TCEFORM.pages.storage_pid.suggest.default {
        addWhere = AND pages.pid=###PAGE_TSCONFIG_ID###
    }

..  index::
    Suggest wizard; CSS class

> ..  _tceform-cssClass:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..  _tceform-suggest-cssClass:
```

    Expand pidList by this number of levels. Only has an effect, if pidList has a value.

..  _tceform-suggest-pidDepth-example:

Example: Set search depth for suggest field
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    TCEFORM.suggest.default {
        pidList = 6,7
        pidDepth = 4
    }

..  index::
    Suggest wizard; pid list
..  _tceform-suggest-pidList:

suggest.pidList
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  confval:: suggest.pidList
    :name: tceform-suggest-pidList
    :type: list of values

    Limit the search to certain pages (and their subpages). When pidList is empty all pages will be included
    in the search as long as the backend user is allowed to see them.

..  _tceform-suggest-pidList-example:

Example: Limit suggest search to records on certain pages
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    TCEFORM.suggest.default {
        # sets the pidList for a suggest fields in all tables
        pidList = 1,2,3,45
    }

..  index::
    Suggest wizard; receiver php class

> ..  _tceform-suggest.receiverClass:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..  _tceform-suggest-receiverClass:
```

suggest.receiverClass
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  confval:: suggest.receiverClass
    :name: tceform-suggest-receiverClass
    :type: Fully Qualified PHP class name
    :Default: :php:`\TYPO3\CMS\Backend\Form\Element\SuggestDefaultReceiver`

    PHP class alternative receiver class - the file that holds the class should be derived
    from :code:`\TYPO3\CMS\Backend\Form\Element\SuggestDefaultReceiver`.

..  index::
    Suggest wizard; rendering user function
..  _tceform-suggest-renderFunc:

suggest.renderFunc
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> ..  confval::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..  confval:: suggest.renderFunc
```

Shoudn't an empty confval throw a warning on rendering?

Author: I think that would be better, could you make a PR in the guides?

Reviewer: Haven't tested it, was a couch review. That's why the question ;-) So it haven't thrown a warning when rendering on your machine?

Reviewer: Done: https://github.com/phpDocumentor/guides/issues/983

    :name: tceform-suggest-renderFunc
    :type: string

    User function to manipulate the displayed records in the result.

..  index::
    Suggest wizard; Where statement
..  _tceform-suggest-searchCondition:

suggest.searchCondition
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  confval::

>     :name: tceform-suggest.searchCondition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :name: tceform-suggest-searchCondition
```

    Flex form field level, example:
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.pi_flexform.myext_pi1.sDEF.settings\.myfield.altLabels`

        Where `sDEF` is the sheet name. For a description
        see the section :ref:`tceformApplyPropertiesFlexForm` on this page.

..  _tceform-altLabels-example:

Example: Override labels for document types
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    TCEFORM.pages.doktype {
        # Set a different item label
        altLabels.1 = STANDARD Page Type
        altLabels.254 = Folder (for various elements)
        # Sets the default label for Recycler via "locallang":
        altLabels.255 = LLL:EXT:my_ext/Resources/Private/Language/locallang_tca.xlf:recycler
    }

..  figure:: /Images/ManualScreenshots/List/PagesDoktypeDifferentLabels.png
    :alt: The Page types with modified labels

    The Page types with modified labels

..  note::

    If the item has an **empty** value, the syntax is slightly different and an additional dot must be provided,
    like on this example:

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

>     TCEFORM.tt_content.space_before_class.altLabels..  = foo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    TCEFORM.tt_content.space_before_class.altLabels.. = foo
```

Note the *double dot* after `altLabels`.

..  _page_tsconfig_id:

PAGE_TSCONFIG_ID
----------------

..  confval:: PAGE_TSCONFIG_ID
    :name: tceform-PAGE_TSCONFIG_ID
    :type: integer

> This option allows to provide a value for dynamic SQL-WHERE parameters. The

Reviewer: The description should be indented to be part of the confval.

value is defined for a specific field of a table. For usage with flexform
fields, the entire path to a sub-field must be provided.

> ..  note::

Reviewer: The admonition should be indented to be part of the confval.

    This value can be used for the TCA property :ref:`foreign_table_where <t3tca:columns-select-properties-foreign-table-where>`
    and for the `addWhere` part of the :ref:`suggest wizard <pagetceformsuggest>`.

..  _page_tsconfig_id-example:

Example: substitute a marker in a plugin FlexForm
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    TCEFORM.tt_content.pi_flexform.myext_pi1.sDEF.myField.PAGE_TSCONFIG_ID = 22

In this example, the value will substitute the marker in a plugin FlexForm.

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    TCEFORM.tx_myext_table.myfield.PAGE_TSCONFIG_ID = 22

This example might be used for a record in an extension. It refers to a
table called `tx_myext_table` and the field `myfield`. Here the marker will
be substituted by the value `22`.

..  _page_tsconfig_idlist:

PAGE_TSCONFIG_IDLIST
--------------------

..  confval:: PAGE_TSCONFIG_IDLIST
    :name: tceform-PAGE_TSCONFIG_IDLIST
    :type: list of integers

    See above.

..  _page_tsconfig_idlist-example:

> Example: substitute an id list in a plugin FlexForm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: substitute a list of IDs in a plugin FlexForm
```

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: Adjust the number of "~" accordingly

    sets the field :sql:`colPos`. Fields with the TSconfig property
    :tsconfig:`TCEFORM.<table>.<field>.disable` therefore show the same
    behaviour as fields of the TCA type :ref:`passthrough <t3tca:columns-passthrough>`.

    table level, example:
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.header.disabled`

    table and record type level, example:
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.header.types.textpic.disabled`

    Flex form sheet level. If set, the entire tab is not rendered, example:
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.pi_flexform.myext_pi1.sDEF.disabled`

        Where `sDEF` is the sheet name. For a description
        see the section :ref:`tceformApplyPropertiesFlexForm` on this page.

    Flex form field level, example:
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.pi_flexform.myext_pi1.sDEF.settings\.myfield.disabled`

        Where `sDEF` is the sheet name. For a description
        see the section :ref:`tceformApplyPropertiesFlexForm` on this page.

..  _tceform-disabled-example:

Example: Disable editing of the page title
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    TCEFORM.pages.title {

>         # The title field of the pages table is not editable

Reviewer: Just a note, no action needed: When disabling a field, it is not visible anymore. "Not editable" reads as "readonly".

        `TCEFORM.[tableName].[fieldName].types.[typeName].itemsProcFunc`

    Flex form field level, example:
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.pi_flexform.myext_pi1.sDEF.settings\.myfield.itemsProcFunc`

        Where `sDEF` is the sheet name. For a description
        see the section :ref:`tceformApplyPropertiesFlexForm` on this page.

..  index::
    Records; select items remove
..  _tceform-keepItems:

keepItems
---------

..  confval:: keepItems
    :name: tceform-keepItems
    :type: list of values

    Change the list of items in :ref:`TCA type=select <t3tca:columns-select>` fields. Using this property,
    all items except those defined here are removed.

    This property is available for various levels:

    table level, example:
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.header_layout.keepItems`

    table and record type level, example:
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.header_layout.types.textpic.keepItems`

    Flex form field level, example:
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.pi_flexform.myext_pi1.sDEF.settings\.myfield.keepItems`

        Where `sDEF` is the sheet name. For a description
        see the section :ref:`tceformApplyPropertiesFlexForm` on this page.

..  _tceform-keepItems-example:

> Example: Show only spacer and standard pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: Show only standard and spacer pages
```

This matches the order of the example.

    An invalid selector box value is indicated by a warning message

..  index::
    Records; select items remove
..  _tceform-removeItems:

removeItems
-----------

..  confval:: removeItems
    :name: tceform-removeItems
    :type: list of values

    Change the list of items in :ref:`TCA type=select <t3tca:columns-select>` fields. Using this property,
    single items can be removed, leaving all others.

    This property is available for various levels:

    table level, example:
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.header_layout.removeItems`

    table and record type level, example:
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.header_layout.types.textpic.removeItems`

    Flex form field level, example:
        `TCEFORM.tt_content.pi_flexform.myext_pi1.sDEF.settings\.myfield.removeItems`

        Where `sDEF` is the sheet name. For a description
        see the section :ref:`tceformApplyPropertiesFlexForm` on this page.

Example: Remove "Recycler" and "Spacer" page types
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    TCEFORM.pages.doktype {
        # Remove "Recycler" and "Spacer" page types

>         removeItems = 199, 255

Reviewer: Just a note (no action needed): Recycler is not available in v13 anymore.

Author: I did not make content changes here, as I wanted to avoid (unsucsessfully) the PR becomming to big.

..  _tceform-sheetDescription:

sheetDescription
----------------

..  confval:: sheetDescription
    :name: tceform-sheetDescription
    :type: localized string

    Specifies a description for the sheet shown in the FlexForm.

    This property is only available on flex form sheet level, for example
    `TCEFORM.tt_content.pi_flexform.myext_pi1.sDEF.sheetDescription`.

    Where `sDEF` is the sheet name. For a description
    see the section :ref:`tceformApplyPropertiesFlexForm` on this page.

..  index::
    FlexForm; Sheet short description
..  _tceform-sheetShortDescr:

sheetShortDescr
---------------

..  confval:: sheetShortDescr
    :name: tceform-sheetShortDescr
    :type:
    localized string

:aspect:`Description`
    Specifies a short description of the sheet used as link title in the tab-menu.

    This property is only available on flex form sheet level, example:
    `TCEFORM.tt_content.pi_flexform.myext_pi1.sDEF.sheetShortDescription`.

    Where `sDEF` is the sheet name. For a description
    see the section :ref:`tceformApplyPropertiesFlexForm` on this page.

..  index::
    FlexForm; Sheet title
..  _tceform-sheetTitle:

sheetTitle
----------

> ..  confval::

Reviewer: This section looks unfinished (name, aspect still used).

    :name: tceform-
    :type:
    localized string

:aspect:`Description`
    Set the title of the sheet / tab in a FlexForm configuration.

    This property is only available on flex form sheet level, example:
    `TCEFORM.tt_content.pi_flexform.myext_pi1.sDEF.sheetTitle`.

    Where `sDEF` is the sheet name. For a description
    see the section :ref:`tceformApplyPropertiesFlexForm` on this page.

..  _tceform-sheetTitle-example:

> Example: Rename the first tab of the FlexForm plug-in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: Rename the first tab of the FlexForm plugin
```

The properties listed below are available on various levels. A more specific setting overrides
a less specific one:

Configuration of all suggest wizards in all tables for all target query tables:
    `TCEFORM.suggest.default`

Configuration of all suggest wizards in all tables looking up records from a specific target table:
    `TCEFORM.suggest.[queryTable]`

Configuration of one suggest wizard field in one table for all target query tables:
    `TCEFORM.[tableName].[fieldName].suggest.default`

Configuration of one suggest wizard field in one table for a specific target query table:
    `TCEFORM.[tableName].[fieldName].suggest.[queryTable]`

Configuration of one suggest wizard field in a flex form field of one table for all target query tables:
    `TCEFORM.[tableName].[fieldName].[dataStructureKey].[sheetName].[flexFieldName].suggest.default`

Configuration of one suggest wizard field in a flex form field of one table for a specific target query table:
    `TCEFORM.[tableName].[fieldName].[dataStructureKey].[sheetName].[flexFieldName].suggest.[queryTable]`

..  index::
    Suggest wizard; Search fields additional
..  _tceform-additionalSearchFields:

> suggestadditionalSearchFields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
suggest.additionalSearchFields
```

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

..  confval:: suggest.additionalSearchFields
    :name: tceform-suggest-additionalSearchFields
    :type: string

    Comma-separated list of fields the suggest wizard should also search in. By default the wizard looks only in the
    fields listed in the :ref:`label <t3tca:ctrl-reference-label>` and :ref:`label_alt <t3tca:ctrl-reference-label-alt>`
    of TCA :ref:`ctrl properties <t3tca:ctrl-reference>`.

..  index::
    Suggest wizard;  Where statement
..  _tceform-suggest-addWhere:

suggest.addWhere
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  confval:: suggest.addWhere
    :name: tceform-suggest-addWhere
    :type: string

    Additional WHERE clause (with AND at the beginning).

    Markers possible for replacement:

>     *  ###THIS_UID###

Reviewer: Please use correct indentation for list.

    *  :ref:`###PAGE_TSCONFIG_STR### <page_tsconfig_str>`

..  _tceform-suggest-addWhere-example:

Example: limit storage_pid to the children of a certain page
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    TCEFORM.pages.storage_pid.suggest.default {
        addWhere = AND pages.pid=###PAGE_TSCONFIG_ID###
    }

..  index::
    Suggest wizard; CSS class
..  _tceform-cssClass:

suggest.cssClass
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  confval:: suggest.cssClass
    :name: tceform-suggest-cssClass
    :type: string

    Add a CSS class to every list item of the result list.

    ..  code-block:: typoscript
        :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

        TCEFORM.suggest.pages {
            # Configure all suggest wizards which list records from table "pages"
            # to add the CSS class "pages" to every list item of the result list.
            cssClass = pages
        }

..  index::
    Suggest wizard; hide
..  _tceform-suggest-hide:

suggest.hide
~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  confval:: suggest.hide
    :name: tceform-suggest-hide
    :type:

>     boolean

Reviewer: Avoid line break.

    Hide the suggest field. Works only for single fields.

..  _tceform-suggest-hide-example:

Example: Hide the suggest field for the storage_pid
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    TCEFORM.pages.storage_pid.suggest.default {
        hide = 1
    }

..  index::
    Suggest wizard; Characters max
..  _tceform-suggest-maxPathTitleLength:

suggest.maxPathTitleLength
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  confval:: suggest.maxPathTitleLength
    :name: tceform-suggest-maxPathTitleLength
    :type:

>     positive integer

Reviewer: Avoid line break.

    Limit the search to certain pages (and their subpages). When pidList is empty all pages will be included
    in the search as long as the backend user is allowed to see them.

..  _tceform-suggest-pidList-example:

Example: Limit suggest search to records on certain pages
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    TCEFORM.suggest.default {
        # sets the pidList for a suggest fields in all tables
        pidList = 1,2,3,45
    }

..  index::
    Suggest wizard; receiver php class
..  _tceform-suggest.receiverClass:

suggest.receiverClass
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  confval:: suggest.receiverClass
    :name: tceform-suggest-receiverClass
    :type: Fully Qualified PHP class name
    :Default: :php:`\TYPO3\CMS\Backend\Form\Element\SuggestDefaultReceiver`

    PHP class alternative receiver class - the file that holds the class should be derived
    from :code:`\TYPO3\CMS\Backend\Form\Element\SuggestDefaultReceiver`.

..  index::
    Suggest wizard; rendering user function
..  _tceform-suggest-renderFunc:

suggest.renderFunc
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

>     :name: tceform-suggest.renderFunc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

..  confval::
    :name: tceform-suggest-renderFunc
    :type: string

    User function to manipulate the displayed records in the result.

..  index::
    Suggest wizard; Where statement
..  _tceform-suggest-searchCondition:

suggest.searchCondition
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  confval::
    :name: tceform-suggest.searchCondition
    :type: string

    Additional WHERE clause (no AND needed to prepend).

..  _tceform-suggest-searchCondition-example:

> Example:Only search on pages with doktype=1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: Only search on pages with doktype=1
```

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

    ..  code-block:: typoscript
        :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

        TCEFORM.pages.storage_pid.suggest.default {
            # Configure the suggest wizard for the field "storage_pid" in table "pages"
            # to search only for pages with doktype=1
            searchCondition = doktype=1
        }

..  index::
    Suggest wizard; Search whole phrase
..  _tceform-suggest-searchWholePhrase:

suggest.searchWholePhrase
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  confval:: suggest.searchWholePhrase
    :name: tceform-suggest-searchWholePhrase
    :type: boolean

>     :Default: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :Default: 0
```

We deal here with TSconfig, not with PHP. I am not sure, if "false" is really evaluated to false (or to true, as this is a non-empty string).

Author: We have this thing all over the guide, once we write false, once we write 0 We should make a central PR for this. If we decide for search and replace, replacing :Default: false with :Default: 0 is easier then vize versa however.

Reviewer: You change from "0" to "false" in your PR. So, focus on this PR without changing meaning.
